Have you done anything exciting lately?
What made you smile today?
How did you meet the host?
What's your favorite form of social media?
What was the last good book you read?
Do you listen to any podcasts? Which is your favorite?
What do you think is the best show on Netflix right now?
Have you been on any interesting trips lately?
What do you think has been the best movie of the year so far?
What song do you wish you could put on right now?
Do you think you're an introvert or an extrovert?
If you didn't have the job you have now, what would you be?
What's your strangest hidden talent?
What is something people are always surprised to learn about you?
What is the most rewarding part of your career?
Where do you want to be in five years?
What superpower do you wish you could have?
Where would you go on vacation if you had no budget?
If you could travel back in time, what decade would you choose to live in?
What's the best thing you've ever bought off Amazon?
What's the last concert you went to?
What is one thing you can't live without?
What's the strangest dream you've had recently?
What is your favorite book of all time?
How many countries have you been to?
What's your favorite city you've visited?
Would you rather be really hot or really cold?
Do you like documentaries? Have you watched any good ones recently?
If you could host a talk show, who would you have on first?
What's your favorite sport?
What sport do you wish you were really good at?
What's the best holiday?
How did you spend your last birthday?
What are your long-term goals?
Who is your role model?
What did you want to be when you were a kid?
What are the top three things on your bucket list?
What has been your biggest accomplishment so far?
What's the biggest risk you've ever taken?
Tell me about the most life-changing piece of advice you've ever heard.
When are you the most happy?
What always calms you down when you're really stressed out and upset?
Who in your life has had the most influence on you?
What's the hardest thing you've ever done?
How have your priorities changed in the last 10 years?
What's the nicest thing anyone has ever done for you?
Describe your perfect weekend.
If you could change one thing about your personality, what would it be?
If you could invite one famous person to dinner, who would it be?
If you could go back in time, what is one situation you would do differently?
What did you think you would be doing at this age when you were a kid?
Do you think social media is destroying our communication?
What piece of technology could you live without?
What do you think the world will be like 20 years in the future?
What is something you've failed at recently?
What's the most interesting thing you've worked on lately?
What do you love most about your job?
What was your first job?
What's the most interesting thing you've learned at work?
Do you ever travel for your job? Where have you gone?
How do you keep yourself organized every day?
What do you think makes someone a great manager?
What's the biggest challenge you've taken on this year?
What's your favorite project you've worked on so far?
What always makes you laugh, even when you're upset?
Who is your favorite comedian?
If you could only eat one food for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What's your best tip for saving money?
What is your favorite quote right now?
What have you been loving on TV lately?
What's your best tip for a good morning routine?
What's your best cooking tip?
What's the weirdest thing you've seen on Social Media recently?
Where is your favorite place to shop?
How was your last vacation?
Where is the coolest place you've been to for dinner lately?
What's your go-to dish to bring to a dinner party?
What did you do last weekend?
What app do you use everyday?
What's the weirdest thing in your fridge right now?
What are your plans for next summer?
What's your favorite thing you've bought recently?
Have you ever really kept a New Year's resolution?
If you could change your name, what would you change it to?
How would your life be different if social media didn't exist?
What do you think your best personality trait is?
What's your favorite thing to do on your day off work?
What would you change about yourself if you could?
What’s the most spontaneous thing you’ve done lately?
What two radio stations do you listen to in the car the most?
If you could hire someone to help you, would it be with cleaning, cooking, or yard work?
Would you rather vacation in Mexico or Alaska, and why?
If you could live anywhere, where would it be?
What are your hobbies?
If you could choose to do anything for a day, what would it be?
What is the best gift you have been given?
If you could choose to do anything for a day, what would it be?
Would you rather win the lottery or work at the perfect job? And why?
Have you ever had a nickname? What is it?
What would you do if you won the lottery?
Do you like or dislike surprises? Why or why not?
In the evening, would you rather play a game, visit a relative, watch a movie, or read?
What is your favorite game or sport to watch and play?
Who is your favorite author?
What is your favorite family vacation memory?
What is your proudest accomplishment?
What makes you laugh the most?
If you could go back in time to change one thing, what would it be?
What's the longest you've gone without sleep (and why)?
What's the tallest building you've been to the top in?
What was the last movie you went to? What did you think?
What did you want to be when you were small?
If money was no object, what would you do all day?
Aside from necessities, what one thing could you not go a day without?
How would your friends describe you?
What would you sing at Karaoke night?
What are your three favorite TV shows of all time? 
What fictional character do you most identify with?
What’s the spiciest thing you’ve eaten? Would you ever eat it again?
Which fictional villain made you feel real hatred towards them?
What habit do you have that you think not many other people have?
If colors had a taste, what would each color taste like?
What names were ruined for you because you knew someone terrible with that name?
What was the best thing about how your parents raised you?
If jobs/careers had slogans what would be some of their slogans?
What are the two biggest lessons you’ve learned from previous relationships?
What inedible thing do you wish you could eat?
What’s the most stress relieving thing you can get/do for less than $20?
What do most people overestimate about you?
What do most people underestimate about you?
What silly thing do you take a lot of pride in?
If you were forced into a dance competition, what song would you choose to dance to?
What would be the absolute perfect day?
What’s a lame joke you use on a regular basis?
If you could change your first name, what would be the most epic name you could choose?
What is the strongest animal you could win against with just your bare hands and feet?
What event from the past do you most want to see a recording of?
What would an amusement park designed specifically to make you happy, be like?
What is something you probably should do, but haven't?
What great idea would you like to try if you had enough money?
If you were in a high-speed chase, what song would you want blaring on the radio?
If you could only eat pizza or tacos, which would you choose?
Are you a morning person or a night owl?
Are you still friends with anyone from high school?
What's your guilty pleasure?
What celebrity do people compare you to?
Do you believe in soulmates?
What's the craziest thing you've ever done for a friend?
What was your best birthday?
Would you rather go on a road trip or take a long flight?
What’s on your bucket list this year?
What kind of parent do you think you would be?
What is the craziest thing you’ve ever done and would you do it again?
If a genie granted you 3 wishes right now, what would you wish for?
What do you think about when you’re by yourself?
What is one dream you have yet to accomplish?
What’s the one thing that people always misunderstand about you?
What makes you feel accomplished?
Who was your favorite teacher and why?
What was the worst phase in your life?
When do you think a person is ready for marriage?
What’s your favorite hobby to do alone?
Is what you’re doing now what you always wanted to do growing up?
What did your past relationship teach you?
Which parent are you closer to and why?
What are three things you value most about a person?
Who is that one person you can talk to about just anything?
If you are in a bad mood, do you prefer to be left alone or have someone to cheer you up?
What’s the most exciting thing that’s happened this past year?
When have you felt your biggest adrenaline rush?
What is your idea of a perfect vacation?
What is the greatest struggle you’ve overcome?
What is a relationship deal breaker for you?
What are you most thankful for?
If you were famous, what would you be famous for?
What do you think are the most important qualities in a friend?
When was the last time you cried?
What's your favorite childhood memory?